Privacy Policy
 batteryfullalarm 

app on google play Store


batterChargedAlarmPrivacy

BattteryFullAlarm: Privacy policy

Welcome to the Battery Full Alarm (batterChargedAlarmPrivacy  ) app for Android!

This is an open source Android app developed.
As an avid Android user myself, I take privacy very seriously.
I know how frustrating it is when apps collect your data without your knowledge.

No Data collected by the app

I hereby state, to the best of my knowledge and belief, 
that I have not programmed this app to collect any personally identifiable information. 

User can use the app in a completely anonymous fashion,
which means login is not required for using the app. 
Nor user is required to enter his personal details like email, phone number etc. 
The app does not ask for any permission to be granted by user, 
although the following permission is implicitly needed by the app.
DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION

The above is required for the app to query the battery status and comply with latest versions of android,
without which app does not know the status of the battery and hence, 
it cannot give you the alarm when battery is fully charged. 
The very purpose of the app is to alert the user while charging and the charging level reaches 99% or more.
Thus the app helps user to prevent overcharging.
Further, our app does not collect any data stored on the device,
and hence the question of sharing user data with third parties does not arise at all.
The app functions, even without internet connection, which is suggestive of protecting user privacy.

After using the app it is recommended to close the app also, 
after disconnecting the charger.
This can be done simply by clicking/touching close button on the screen.

No analytics software is present in the app either.
Explanation of permissions requested in the app

The list of permissions required by the app needs to be discussed.
The following permission is implicitly needed by the app.

DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION

The above is required for the app to query the battery status and comply with latest versions of android, 
without which app does not know the status of the battery and hence,
it cannot give you the alarm when battery is fully charged.

If you find any security vulnerability that has been inadvertently caused by me,
or have any question regarding how the app protects your privacy, 
please send me an email, and I will surely try to fix it/help you.

Yours sincerely,
VSReddy.
Visakhapatnam, India.
brightthgbrightthg@gmail.com




regards
Developer team
